---
layout: post
title: Am I an ass? Time Allocation
category: article
tags: thoughts
published: false
---

## Am I an ass?

Is it wrong to be selective about the people I wish to allocate my time to? I mean, I barely have enough time in my life to allocate to myself, so is it a bad thing that I am picky about where my time goes?

I mean really, I meet something like 10-20 people a day. Am I supposed to be friends with each and every one of them? If I'm not, does that make me an ass?

What do other people do? If someone wants to be your friend, but you're not really interested in being their friend for whatever reason then what do they do? Do they just smile and fake it? Pull stuff like, "Oh, I'll call you right back" and "I'll see if I can make it to your birthday", or do they just say "I don't want to be your friend."

Personally, I do the latter. Sure, call me insensitive. Call me an asshole. Hell, call me whatever you want, just don't call me. :/

I try to allocate my time as efficiently as possible. Spending countless hours "pretending" to be someone's friend doesn't make much sense to me. I'd rather spend the 30 minutes explaining to them honestly why I don't feel like being their friend.

However, with that being said. How would you take to someone saying they're not interested in even putting in the effort of knowing you. I suppose it can be quite insulting. I'm sure I've been in that position before, but in this day and age it's a little bit of a different story. Back before all this technology, you could say "let's be friends" and only see that person once a month or less. In todays day and age though, you have a ton of different ways to run into said person. MSN, Clubvibes,phone, icq, aol, mail, in person, etc... so if you were to be someone's friend, how much harder would it be to fake?

I mean sure, some of you are probably saying something along the lines of "Why do you find it so hard to put energy into being someone's friend? Are you a selfish jerk?" The simple answer to that is, yes, I am. However, the longer explaination may lead you to another conclusion. (Note: I said may)

I allocate my time as follows:

1.  Work (about 12 hours a day)
2.  Current Friends (about 2 hours a day)
3.  Girls I am seeing (about 3 hours a day)
4.  Myself (about 30 mins a day)
5.  Sleep (Whatever I can salvage from the above.)

If someone doesn't fit into the above catagories, then they have to fit into the following or they are not placed in my allocation table:

1.  A guy who I can have sporatic fun with (picking up chicks, etc)
2.  A girl that I am sexually interested in
3.  Someone who can benefit me in some other way; be it financially, professionally, or mentally.

It's quite simple really. I take the time to begin a conversation with someone, and then I take all the information provided and determine their capability to be my friend. If I don't deem it worthwhile, I cancel it right there before it gets more in depth.

simple.